To handle the form submission we need then you function in the new place component.
Name it plays ad or place submit handler NAME IS UP TO YOU.
AND THERE WE GET THE EVENT object and that is important because first of all I want to call event prevent
default.
Why.
Because I want to make sure that we don't have that browser default of submitting the form and sending
a request which effectively leads to a page reload and Dale for crashes where it ends our running single
page application.
Please submit handler is then bound here to the forum.
So on submit this year's set to place submit handler
and with that set here in the place submit handler.
We now can send our data to the server.
Now of course at the moment we have no logic to send it to a server we have no server yet we have no
back and yet.
This will change later in the course for the moment let's simply console log our form state inputs data
here to find out whether we have all the data stored in form state correctly so devalue and the validity
for all our inputs.
So if now safety's and we enter something here and here and a click at place we don't reload the page
which is great.
And here indeed we have the output I want I'm logging this here we have the description with the title
and we're storing the values and the validity correctly here.
So this is working and later we will be able to send this to the back end.
So that is what will happen later and that is how easy form submission is our form is not finished.
Though of course we got the title and the description.
Now we need more inputs though so I'll copy this and add another input here because besides the description
and the title I also want to have an address for every place here.
The element will again be input not a text area.
And here I will say address now address does not have a mean length but it should not be empty so I
will again execute this required or function to configure it is required validator and the error text
here is Please enter a valid address will not check if the address exists will later do this on the
back and not here on the front end that should already be although that is the great advantage of having
this reusable input component and this reusable Input handler function we can add a new input as simple
as that and it should automatically be taken into account.
Yeah everything is only valid here if I enter at least one character into address and if I then invalidate
one of the other inputs we lose that again.
So this all works as it should.
We can submit this is all the part of our form state here of course the address was that we're finished
we will later also add image upload but we have a separate module for that and hence I'm happy with
that for we could send it to a server.
It's not the only form we have though.
What about editing places there.
We also need to be able to at least edit some of the aspects of a place.